So now that we built and added that our first application let's see what else discourse has in store
for you.
We're almost done getting started.
And in the next section we're going to have super deep into ionic too in the next section we're going
to have a look at some of ionic to SpaceX which we definitely need to understand before we can start
building apps such as How is the project structured.
What are pages.
How do we navigate around and I want ironic to end much more with data and out of the way it's time
to build our first EP.
The favorite quotes app will be a basic app which covers a lot of the features it too gives us like
components.
We will also learn how to Femen style or how to manage data and how to integrate more complex navigations
like having tabs or a side menu.
After building the first application I'll dive deeper into the ionic two components and show you where
to learn more and dive deeper into some specific components which are very important.
Until then we only saw the app run the browser and this is great for testing and seeing how it works.
But we also need to test it on real devices to really judge if it is a fitting candidate for release
and therefore we will thereafter have a look at how we can run our app on emulators or real devices
for both iOS and Android.
After finishing this section we'll build our next ep the recipe book.
This will all use a lot of components navigation and so on but it will also specifically focus on forms
of validation and managing user input or managing data in general.
So we have these user input driven focus thereafter will enhance the application and also add HTP and
authentication cutis recipe book so that we are able to store our recipes on a server on a per account
level so that we are able to also sign up and sign in users something you will probably need in any
application you're building.
After having added this we will dive into the last application the awesome places app this application
will use something we haven't used before in this course native device features and device storage of
that I mean features like using the camera or accessing the file system and also how we may store our
data which we thus far always stored in services which of course don't persist and are deleted if we
kill the application.
So how we can store data on the device in a database on the device for example something you will probably
need for any application you're going to build.
And with this fourth EP in this course we will have a closer look at this well and with all that build
it's time to learn how we may deploy our app and prepare it for deployment before shipping it to stores.
And if that's not enough for you I also got to resections with tips and tricks which show you how you
may implement certain things in your ionic too which don't really fit into one of the average sections
here in the course and angular recap section where you can dive into any law or if you feel like you
need to refresh your knowledge on it and definitely feel free to skip ahead to this section right now
if you feel like you need to do this before going for the course which probably makes sense if you want
to refresh your knowledge.
So with that out of the way daises of what I offer you in this course.
Let's next also have a look at how you get the most out of discourse